docs/get_started.md, before:

# Get started

Cor is an open source language that compiles to javascript, it is designed for application-scale development. You can install it from NPM and use the CLI tools with [Node.js](http://nodejs.org).

## Download

The Cor compiler can run in any javascript environment however is primarily devised to run in the browser. You can download available releases <a class="button-inline" href="https://github.com/yosbelms/cor/releases">here</a>.

It can be also downloaded with [Bower](http://bower.io):

```
bower install cor-lang
```

The CLI tool is available as a [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) utility. For commands reference see [Commands](commands.html).

From NPM:

```
npm install -g cor-lang
```

Directly from git repository:

```
npm install -g yosbelms/cor
```

Once installed using NPM you should have access to `cor` command which can compile and build sources. For cli usage run `cor help` command. The files containing source code should have `.cor` extension. However, Cor read files through `Cor Loader`, a component that can be extended to add support for any kind of processors such as Markdown, Handlebars, YAML... and every else.

Examples:

* Compiles and builds `app.cor` file and its dependences, the resulting file should be located at `app.cor.js` file:
```
cor build app.cor
```

* Compiles and builds `app` package and its dependences writing the result to `./app/app.js` file:
```
cor build ./app -o=app.js
```

Output file (`app.js`) is now ready to be used in a web page through `<srcipt src="app.js"></script>` tag. See [commands](commands.html) for reference.


## Hello World tutorial

* **Step 1.** Make the following file tree structure:
```
hello
  |── index.html
  └── hello.cor
```

* **Step 2.** Write the following source to `hello.cor` file:
```
func init() {
    alert('Hello World')
}
```

* **Step 3.** Include Cor library (located at `cor/dist/cor.js`) inside `index.html` using `script` tag and then specify the application entry script using `data-entry="hello.cor"` in a separated script tag:
```
<html>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="cor/dist/cor.js"></script>
    <script data-entry="hello.cor"></script>
</html>
```

* **Step 4.** Run `cor http` inside `hello` folder and open `http://127.0.0.1:9000/index.html` in a browser, you should see a `Hello World` alert.

See the [reference](reference.html) for further information about the language.

Commit message:

improve documentation, change description in index.html

docs/get_started.md, after:

# Get started

Cor is an open source language that compiles to javascript, it is designed for application-scale development. You can install it from NPM and use the CLI tools with [Node.js](http://nodejs.org).

## Download

Cor can be used as either through HTML script tag or CLI. The Cor compiler can run in any javascript environment however is primarily devised to run in the browser. Available releases can be downloaded <a class="button-inline" href="https://github.com/yosbelms/cor/releases">here</a>.

It can be also downloaded with [Bower](http://bower.io):

```
bower install cor-lang
```

The CLI tool is available as a [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) utility. For commands reference see [Commands](documentation.html#commands).

From NPM:

```
npm install -g cor-lang
```

Directly from git repository:

```
npm install -g yosbelms/cor
```

Once installed using NPM you should have access to `cor` command which can compile and build sources. For cli usage run `cor help` command. The files containing source code should have `.cor` extension. However, Cor read files through `Cor Loader`, a component that can be extended to add support for any kind of processors such as Markdown, Handlebars, YAML... and every else.

Examples:

* Compiles and builds `app.cor` file and its dependences, the resulting file should be located at `app.cor.js` file:
```
cor build app.cor
```

* Compiles and builds `app` package and its dependences writing the result to `./app/app.js` file:
```
cor build ./app -o=app.js
```

Output file (`app.js`) is now ready to be used in a web page through `<srcipt src="app.js"></script>` tag. See [commands](documentation.html#commands) for reference.


## Hello World tutorial

* **Step 1.** Make the following file tree structure:
```
hello
  |── index.html
  └── hello.cor
```

* **Step 2.** Write the following source to `hello.cor` file:
```
func init() {
    alert('Hello World')
}
```

* **Step 3.** Include Cor library (located at `cor/dist/cor.js`) inside `index.html` using `script` tag and then specify the application entry script using `data-entry="hello.cor"` in a separated script tag:
```
<html>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="cor/dist/cor.js"></script>
    <script data-entry="hello.cor"></script>
</html>
```

* **Step 4.** Run `cor http` inside `hello` folder and open `http://127.0.0.1:9000/index.html` in a browser, you should see a `Hello World` alert.

See the [documentation](documentation.html) for further information about the language.
